hello everyone today i'm shooting a video on
I want a car theme with you
share a little so small
by trick I think that 90 percent
motorists
they know shoot video for those
unhappy 10 percent because myself
once was there tell you so small
its backstory got the right car
began to ride rejoice all cool and
rather in
my first light bulb burned out
If such a lamp in my car
will become and she is responsible for the size and for
fog on 2 thread it goes 2
contact here I think it is clear but it is not
about it there is a similar plan on
contact light bulbs
ran the store bought immediately a couple
bulbs think let it be 1 on the stock
disassembled lantern tried to shove a
stick me out of course of course
Jewish happiness has not been canceled and in
overall i got on another light bulb already
then took
a pattern and the pattern I picked up
what's the whole joke here you can see for the sides
and the pimples they hold the pimples
our light bulb lights
so that it will not fly away went out
they are of several types
that is, in this case we have one below
one on top also come in
one below that is one below and 2 below
and the last option is one down one
above and they are slightly offset at an angle
so I had to buy another one
light bulb I came home
told his dad because
my dad shared a secret with me
would be upset for spending money and
how would a light bulb now not go nowhere
need they don't fit my car
Dad calmed me down and told me
small secret i want with you now
share this secret
and so what is the whole secret of the secret we have
the fact that here are these two bumps
if we have
light bulb as if with another such cap
what we need to do to us
you need this upper one
score inside
the scale of the body to stay only
one bottom and then when we about him
ceiling dhow our lantern will keep
light bulb only this one pimples
but in principle, in principle, practice
shows that this one too
enough with head
lamp does not go away on remains
all the time in place
so here is my old light bulb it is very
long worked to see the final black
burned out her time came and if now
I'll show you see, she was
inserted on the same principle one
pimples in place and the second is sunk in
body
Frankly, this light is worth it, but I'm on
car is already two years old this is the first time
a lamp burned behind my lantern
how much is she really worth a man
I don't know, so I'm trying now
I'll try to do the same with this
instance because he is my ceiling is not
It fits me really worth the nose
there should be one light bulb below one
above and slightly angled
Well, we try
here we beat him if you can see yes he
drowned in the body now I will put up
how it will come to me like a light bulb
my lantern goes right now
until we turn off we are in the luggage
branch
I dismantled part of the rear light
There is my fee, but where are they inserted?
light bulbs means here's our copy on
which we just processed
hammer well then try what we have
It turned out in the end, so I put a light bulb
here she stands here I will stretch left to right
that is, we are sitting normally tight
nowhere is she going so slightly lower
Well, now drop the car and turn on
dimensions look whether it is lit or not
after careful processing with a hammer to
with
do not pay attention to this squeaker
reminds that we forgot to turn off
the light when leaving the car Well
make sure everything works like this
little secret if to someone
liked the video do not like
forget write comments will be happy
thank you and thank you to new ones
bye for now